PowerShell Help for Microsoft.WinGet.Client (#4674)
microsoft/winget-cli: src/PowerShell/Help/Microsoft.WinGet.Client/Export-WinGetPackage.md

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Locale

Specify the installer locale for the WinGet package installer locale

> [!NOTE]
> The locale must be available in the WinGet package manifest.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MatchOption

Specify the match option for a WinGet package query

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.WinGet.Client.PSObjects.PSPackageFieldMatchOption
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:
Accepted values: Equals, EqualsCaseInsensitive, StartsWithCaseInsensitive, ContainsCaseInsensitive

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Moniker

Specify the WinGet package moniker

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name

> Specify the WinGet package name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the name of the WinGet package.
```

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PSCatalogPackage

> Specify PSCatalogPackage

Reviewer: What is a PSCatalogPackage? How does a user get one?
Need to add an example.

```suggestion
Provide **PSCatalogPackage** object.
```

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.WinGet.Client.Engine.PSObjects.PSCatalogPackage
Parameter Sets: GivenSet
Aliases: InputObject

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Query

> Search string for WinGet package. The query parameter will be used to search across multiple
> properties in a WinGet package manifest. Fields include the package name, package identifier,
> moniker, and tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One or more strings to search for in the WinGet package. The command searches for matching strings
in the following properties of the package manifest:

- `PackageName`
- `PackageIdentifier`
- `Moniker`
- `Tags`
```

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope

Specify WinGet package installer scope

> [!NOTE]
> The installer scope must be available in the WinGet package manifest.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.WinGet.Client.PSObjects.PSPackageInstallScope
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Any, User, System, UserOrUnknown, SystemOrUnknown

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipDependencies

> Specifies the WinGet package dependencies should not be downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies that the command shouldn't download the WinGet package dependencies.
```

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Source

> Specifies WinGet source.

Reviewer: What are the possible values of this?
```suggestion
Specify the WinGet source type.
```

Author: This doesn't specify the source type. It specifies a source by name to export the package out of.

Author: The default sources are "msstore" and "winget". If an enterprise customer added their own private REST source, they would specify the name they used when they configured it. Likely something we might want to consider changing in cmdlet design.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version

> Specifies the WinGet package version to download

Reviewer: What is the format of the version string, semvar? Can you specify a prerelease version?
```suggestion
Specifies the version of the WinGet package to download.
```

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm

Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf

> Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
> The cmdlet is not run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet isn't run.
```

```

### -MatchOption

Specify the match option for a WinGet package query. This parameter accepts the following values:

- `Equals`
- `EqualsCaseInsensitive`
- `StartsWithCaseInsensitive`
- `ContainsCaseInsensitive`

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.WinGet.Client.PSObjects.PSPackageFieldMatchOption
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:
Accepted values: Equals, EqualsCaseInsensitive, StartsWithCaseInsensitive, ContainsCaseInsensitive

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Moniker

Specify the moniker of the WinGet package to download. For example, the moniker for the
Microsoft.PowerShell package is `pwsh`.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name

Specify the name of the WinGet package.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: FoundSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PSCatalogPackage

> Specify PSCatalogPackage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide **PSCatalogPackage** object. You can get a **PSCatalogPackage** object by using the
`Find-WinGetPackage` command.
```
